Principle of unity.
cue-1
Unity is the idea that people are more likely to be persuaded by those who they
cue-2
perceive as being part of the same group or sharing similar characteristics,
cue-3
identity or even tribe.
cue-4
During a study on a college campus, a young woman solicited
cue-5
donations from people in traffic for a good cause.
cue-6
The study revealed that when she added the statement, "I'm a student here too",
cue-7
prior to making the request, the rate of donations increased by
cue-8
400%.
cue-9
Phishing Attackers can use the principle of unity to create a false
cue-10
sense of shared identity with their target.
cue-11
For example, an attacker may send a phishing email to an employee
cue-12
of a company and pretend to be a member of the same department or team
cue-13
using language and jargon that would be familiar to the employee.
cue-14
This can create a sense of unity and shared identity making the employee
cue-15
more likely to trust the attacker and follow the instructions in the phishing
cue-16
email such as clicking on a link or entering login credentials.